Update all old abp.io sub-domain links in our repositories with new unified platform links. (#20686)
abpframework/abp: npm/ng-packs/packages/core/README.md

Why should you use the ABP.IO Platform instead of creating a new solution from scratch?

> You can find the answer here 👉🏻 [Why ABP Platform?](https://abp.io/docs/commercial/7.2/why-abp-io-platform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the answer here 👉🏻 [Why ABP Platform?](https://abp.io/docs/latest/others/why-abp-platform)
```
